run:
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
consumer is waiting
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
consumer is waiting
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
consumer  is consuming
consumer is waiting
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
p is waiting
consumer  is consuming
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming
consumer  is consuming
poducer is producing
consumer  is consuming